In this video, we're going to be
running our very
first SQL query!
This query will be based on
a common work task
that you might
encounter as a security analyst.
We're going to determine
which computer has been
assigned to a certain employee.
Let's say we have access
to the employees table.
The employees table
has five columns.
Two of them, employee_id
and device_id,
contain the
information that we need.
We'll write a query
to this table that
returns only those two
columns from the table.
The two SQL keywords we need for
basic SQL queries
are SELECT and FROM.
SELECT indicates which
columns to return.
FROM indicates which
table to query.
The use of these keywords
in SQL is very similar
to how we would use these
words in everyday language.
For example, we can
ask a friend to select
apples and bananas from
the big box when going
out to buy fruit.
This is already very
similar to SQL.
So let's go ahead and use
SELECT and FROM in SQL to
return the information
we need on
employees and the
computers they use.
We start off by typing
in the SQL statement.
After FROM, we've identified
that the information will be
pulled from the employees table.
And after SELECT, employee_id
and device_id
indicate the two columns we
want to return from this table.
Notice how a comma separates
the two columns that
we want to return.
It's also worth
mentioning a couple of
key aspects related to
the syntax of SQL here.
Syntax refers to the
rules that determine
what is correctly structured
in a computing language.
In SQL, keywords are
not case-sensitive, so
you could also write select
and from in lowercase,
but we're placing them in
capital letters because
it makes the query
easier to understand.
Another aspect of this syntax
is that semicolons are
placed at the end
of the statement.
And now, we'll run the query
by pressing Enter.
The output gives us
the information we
need to match employees
to their computers.
We just ran our very
first SQL query!
Suppose you wanted to know
what department
the employee using
the computer is from, or their
username, or the
office they work in.
To do that, we can
use SQL to make
another statement
that prints out
all of the columns
from the table.
We can do this by placing
an asterisk after SELECT.
This is commonly referred
to as select all.
Now, let's run this query to
the employees table in SQL.
And now we have the full
table in the output.
You just made it
through a basic query
in SQL, congratulations!
In the next video,
we'll learn how
to add filters to
our queries, so I'll
meet you there!